yellow ballet
look at the page
the sc tried the goal they were not ashamed
bottinelli and valdo
delson got the ball across and coari
they gained freedom
in the exit of the goalkeeper and put the pilot had its use offline I am the first
goal
the ritual of Carlos Alberto, because in Brazilian football the project presented
by the border that the goal did not come
deoclécio assis
let
will use the contractual period coming and kico
only
You'll ask for it.
look there received
Ricardo took a shot at the goal
to the director Carlos Alberto on the open car
and looks that the arrival had tranquility the goalkeeper vega
he gave a touch of
the art
by the goal that made in the tail rossi
plastically gol had weight
it would be the life turned on by the team of Carlos alberto oo gol
and adilson
renato
roberto carlos already tried hitting the hammer
current
both the kaká
it's imperative
thus
kleber get out of bounds
the denilson win
the book covers are vehicular
then the renatão I know he comes
to the left corner of the goalkeeper's
the goal took rival 'roberto carlos
showing her that she was still there
right at the souza door
They gave it liberty.
Luis Mario
crossed the event he acted
joao carlos alberto time is it time
madrigal goal of tie after team of carlos alberto ué increased a beautiful
played by the right the pingo barrel band of the alternative route without boot
invaded the field and color of the ball
the ue warned
cipó ribeira
rain start here in mogi the very phrase that is a bit
with the sun reappeared in the neighborhood carlos alberto did not hold back and already without
boot and broke into the field and went there to celebrate
the cvv on the other hand and the wellington paulilsta with action against cafu
resumes arrived in the area
two incidents back will have to boot is the human being of robotics
over the goiás
south of assumption
what the reason she used that beautiful goal goal in the first half
by the way
not by chance does the ball do
real goal solution
stay connected to the story of the great actors as it took rivals attacking the
launch when winning botafogo appears now never smoked
both hit said
the exposure
I looked for him
married since the snuff and worship by the only party to cafu
sony released the defender and hit and zoomed with alan
she smiles cafu
April victory
polanski
with solid football